So how are we're going to have a responsibility here to this number.
So first let's go back to our project and open it up and you can see this is going to be my index page.
So we're going to open up our here and now you can see what's happening right now.
Are these all the time going to be like this.
Right.
And this is something that we don't want.
We actually want as the screen gets bigger the links are displayed here in line.
So when we're going to do or here we're going to go back and we're going at a mini equerry So we're
going to go back over here and we're going to say media here and we're going to see a screen screen
like this.
And I'm going to say and I know here we're going to say men and where.
So basically we need to pick the size so I'm going to say men with no hair are going to say that once
it gets to six hundred ninety pixels something should happen.
All right so once the screen size gets two hundred sixty nine sixty nine pixels.
So we're here first thing we're going to say for the nav display and I'm going to say flex here then
we're going to have a line items baseline and flex rap rap.
But let's just go back over here first let's see how this one looks like.
So if I refresh.
You can see that right now were actually displayed.
All right.
And this play flex.
Then over here we're going to say a line items like this and I'm going to say baseline.
I'm going to say baseline on here then I'm going to say flex wrap here flex wrap and I'm going to say
wrap this and then we're going to have a padding of 0 and 20 pixels.
So here what I'm saying is that I'll line them right because these are going to be different values
the coding and the links are actually going to be displayed differently.
Right now we can see this right now because we haven't said this one was to display flex right.
But when there are going to be a line you can see that these guys are actually smaller than this.
So when we say Auline center right a line item is baseline.
What I'm saying is line these guys over here right according to where the text is and not where the
actual value of the boxes.
So now that we have for the now let's keep going here next one we're going to say for the menu.
But what we're going to say we're here a menu between.
We're going to say display none.
So I'm going to say display none.
So what's happening is for the bigger screen I actually don't want this button and because I want just
decoding and the links so we keep on going here and then we're going to have an ordered list.
So I'm going to say Now first we have on our list and here we're going to say this is going to be a
full X more here.
We're going to say this is going to be one.
And it's going to be one.
And this is going to be harder.
So basically what I'm saying here is not I would want this one and this one I can see they're expanding
all across right because I wanted to take the whole space right not individual length but actually the
whole $100.
So here we have flex 1 1.
Then after that we're going to have a play here and we're going to say flex here like this.
And then what's going to happen is I'm going right and this is going to be important because I'm going
to show you why we actually need to add important or here right.
Because I don't want it right right now and then for you to think that you don't understand why I did
that.
So this is going to be flex wrap and we're going to say.
And let's again let's go and check it out.
And once we refresh now we can see that first of all.
All right.
They are displayed in one line.
Right.
And for the Flex wrap what's happening is as I'm going on here right you can see that over here.
Once it's going to start getting the new line right it's actually going to go right again.
We're going to get rid of this annoying transition right because you can see on the big screen doesn't
look that great right.
So as you can see or hear as it was smaller right now the button is actually showing and disappears.
Now over here what you would want is for the list item and for a list item I'm going to say now have
on our list a list item.
And since this is actually display flexed right the whole on the list.
All right well we need to do over here.
We're going to say this is going to be flex and this is going to be flex grow one flex shrink zero and
25 pixels on this.
So we save this and over here you will see the difference.
Right.
So as we go to the bigger screen.
This is the flex ramp.
So what's happening is now they're all 25.
You can see that side by side because we had a flex grow more here and as we're actually going on here
like this right you can see what's happening right.
The text is not going somewhere in sexually rapping the next line.
That's where the flex rap comes in here and once we hit this screen right now I can see the button appears
and button actually disappears.
Now the issue is with this screen or hearing let's say or here that we click disappearing.
Right.
And if we go back over here you can see that our links actually disappeared also.
Therefore if you're working with the links right with us on our list you need to right over here important
important here.
And then once we say this once we refresh now I can see that there are going to be back again right
because as you're toggling with the button if you're going to click it on here and disappears right.
If you're not going to have that important those links are actually going to disappear.
Right now they're showing.
Right.
Because we wrote over here this important display flex and this is going to be important now that we're
done with this.
Let's work with this little icon.
This one over here.
And actually you know what let's get rid of this home because we don't really need that.
So we're going to say we're here is all this is going to get rid of this guy.
You know this animal is going to leave this icon.
So we're going to say this.
And for the main assessment we're going to say that for the icon we would want what we would want now
very well here and Dot icon here and then I can we're going to say flex this is going to be 0 0 and
20 pixels.
And then once we read or hear for this icon and then we can go back over here you can see that nothing
changed.
Right.
And the reason for that in this class class needs to be placed in the list item.
Because you can see the actual link.
All right.
This is not a direct child or a flex parent.
So the right or here we're going to say that this is going to be class know know going to say I can
here once we say this like this now I can see that this one actually is just going to take 20 or more
pixels.
Now again we still have this little bit of annoying transition all right which was led from the smaller
screen right.
But you can see that right away the size actually got smaller.
So if you're going to go back to a main see this and we're going to keep on styling.
Now after that we would want to style the actual nav link icon.
So we're going to say we're here now have you all on here ally and we're going to say link icon here
in this.
And they're all going to say this is going to be a color and we're going to say the color is going to
be hashed.
F5 F5 F5.
Really miss.
And then we're going to have a background and the Madrona is going to be hashtag 3 9 5 3 9 5 and then
we're going to have e 7 e e 7.
Or here.
Then after that we would want once we're hovering right so we're going to call Mac or hear what to say
now.
Well I don't want to say a link where I can I'm going to say however now once we're hovering you'd want
a background and the background should be like this.
Right.
So I'm saying this is hashtag 0 0 8.
They're going to have here a D.
Right.
So let's go back over here again.
Fresh right you can see that right away.
Background changed.
Right.
And as I'm hovering you can see the values are changing.
Now we're here we're here right so not because this is going to be white guys over here are going to
be a background.
Right.
And as I changed here this would be like this.
Now then after that what we would want is we would want to actually work with a link.
So I'm going to say now here and then I'm say this is going to be on our list link and then I'm going
to say this is going to be text align center on this so we're actually placing them in the center.
But again this is not happening on a small screen.
This is actually happening on a bigger one.
And then we're going to have for the hovering.
So what we're going to say for the hovering of we're going to see it like this.
We're going to say this is going to be Nav. on here.
Well or here.
We're on this.
And then we're going to say padding ten pixels or here and we're going to say important important over
here.
And basically what I'm doing here if you go back all the way to the top when we were actually working
with this one right.
I remember when we had a hover effect over here for our links right.
Remember we had little change in padding left to 60 but you can see that the original was basically
10.
So what I'm saying here with the smaller screen this is all I'm saying I'm saying listen just leave
the padding the way it is originally.
So for a refresher here you can see that the only thing is changing is background and color.
However the padding is not changing.
So this is how it's going to look like.
And then as we're going in the smaller screen right you can see what's happening.
First of all we have all here and this flex Grall one flex shrink here zero.
So they don't shrink but they grow.
However as I'm rapping you can see they're wrapping in the next line right.
The moment there is not enough space in the screen perhaps the next line wraps to the next line.
Right.
And therefore we were using these flex wrap or here right.
Oh here we have the button or here right which we can actually.
Right.
And you can see that we don't have an issue anymore once we had the links go back over here and they
still are here.
Right.
And then after that the last thing they really want to do is actually padding over here for this Naphtali.
So what I'm going to say or here last through here is going to be hashtag Nav. top.
I'm going to say padding and this is going to be 10 pixels or here and then I would say this.
And you can see or hear what happens right.
So now we have a little bit less padding.
So this is going to be a little bit higher.
And if we go back over here now we're actually done with our nav bar and we're ready to go ahead and
start styling or here this Vanner with coding and coding attic meets successful X-Box.